add oss brand guidelines (#16)
pymc-labs/brand: OSS_brand.md

# OSS branding guidelines

> PyMC-Labs has also created and maintains two open source libraries: causalpy and pymc-marketing,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PyMC Labs has also created and maintains two open source libraries: CausalPy and PyMC-Marketing,
```

Also add links.

each with their own logo and identity, but with common elements to help identify they are
part of PyMC-Labs such as:

* Same blue-green colors in their logo
* Same custom theme used in their documentation

## Color branding for Labs OSS

The main colors to be used are:

* Blue: #154A72 (main/primary) ${\color{#154A72} \Huge \blacksquare}$
* Green: #81C240 (highlights/secondary) ${\color{#81C240} \Huge \blacksquare}$

In case elements with that color need accents, the alternatives are:

* Blue:
  * lighter shade: #4A9EDE ${\color{#4A9EDE} \Huge \blacksquare}$ (generated increasing the lightness of logo blue until 7:1 contrast ratio with black, this ensures proper readability)
  * purpler shade: #151B72 ${\color{#151B72} \Huge \blacksquare}$
  * greener shade: #15726C ${\color{#15726C} \Huge \blacksquare}$

* Green:
  * darker shade: #40611F ${\color{#40611F} \Huge \blacksquare}$ (generated reducing the lightness of logo green until 7:1 contrast ratio
    with white, this ensures proper readability)
  * greener shade: #40C240 ${\color{#40C240} \Huge \blacksquare}$
  * yellower shade: #C2C240 ${\color{#C2C240} \Huge \blacksquare}$

> I have also mixed the logo green with black to generate a blackish green that can be used as

Reviewer: I --> Oriol

> I have also mixed the logo green with black to generate a blackish green that can be used as
> secondary background for dark themes: #2B4115 ${\color{#2B4115} \Huge \blacksquare}$, and the darker shade of logo green with white
> to generate a whiteish green that can be used as secondary background for light themes: #CDDEBB ${\color{#CDDEBB} \Huge \blacksquare}$.

Author: ```suggestion
There are also color mixtures for use as backgrounds:
* Mixture of the logo green with black to generate a blackish green that can be used as secondary background for dark themes: #2B4115 ${\color{#2B4115} \Huge \blacksquare}$
* Mixture of the darker shade of logo green with white to generate a whiteish green that can be used as secondary background for light themes: #CDDEBB ${\color{#CDDEBB} \Huge \blacksquare}$.
```
